Let's review the lesson skills.
So you've learned how to develop Dapps with great user experiences.
We went through 10 specific aspects of developing
user experiences that are important in the context of Dapps and blockchains.
We also learned how to develop blockchain,
Dapp, and server code using modern techniques.
We just went through the whole Visual Studio code for that.
It's a great boilerplate for you to use for future apps
but right now your focus needs to be on the project and
make sure that you can take advantage of all the code that's in there to really
create a great Flight Surety application.
Finally, we also reviewed the requirements for the Flight Surety Project.
We'll be communicating those in detail also.
That wraps up the course lessons.
Thank you for learning with us.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6